Hello, this is Bing. I can help you with creating all the functions needed for the project file based on Java. 😊

Here is the list of functions that I think are necessary for each module:

- User Module
  - addEmployee: This function takes the data of a new employee (id, name, email, password, role) and adds it to the array of employees.
  - updateEmployee: This function takes the id of an existing employee and the new data (name, email, password, role) and updates the corresponding employee in the array of employees.
  - deleteEmployee: This function takes the id of an existing employee and removes it from the array of employees.
  - displayEmployees: This function displays the details of all the employees in the array of employees.
  - addCustomer: This function takes the data of a new customer (id, name, email, password, loyaltyPoints) and adds it to the array of customers.
  - updateCustomer: This function takes the id of an existing customer and the new data (name, email, password, loyaltyPoints) and updates the corresponding customer in the array of customers.
  - deleteCustomer: This function takes the id of an existing customer and removes it from the array of customers.
  - displayCustomers: This function displays the details of all the customers in the array of customers.
  - addRoom: This function takes the data of a new room (number, type, service, status) and adds it to the array of rooms.
  - updateRoom: This function takes the number of an existing room and the new data (type, service, status) and updates the corresponding room in the array of rooms.
  - deleteRoom: This function takes the number of an existing room and removes it from the array of rooms.
  - displayRooms: This function displays the details of all the rooms in the array of rooms.

- Room Management Module
  - enterGuestDate: This function takes the id of a customer and the date of check-in and check-out and assigns a room to the customer based on the availability and preference of the customer.
  - filterRooms: This function takes one or more criteria (status, type, service) and returns a list of rooms that match the criteria.
  - assignRoom: This function takes the id of a customer and the number of a room and assigns the room to the customer.
  - viewNearCheckout: This function returns a list of customers who have a check-out date within two days from the current date.
  - assignOtherService: This function takes the id of a customer and the name of a service and assigns the service to the customer.
  - generateBill: This function takes the id of a customer and calculates the total amount to be paid by the customer based on the room rate, service charges, and loyalty points.

- Other Service Module
  - addService: This function takes the data of a new service (name, description, price) and adds it to the array of services.
  - updateService: This function takes the name of an existing service and the new data (description, price) and updates the corresponding service in the array of services.
  - deleteService: This function takes the name of an existing service and removes it from the array of services.
  - displayServices: This function displays the details of all the services in the array of services.
  - generateReport: This function generates a statistical report of the service usage by the customers, such as the number of customers who used each service, the total revenue generated by each service, and the most popular service.

I hope this helps you with your project. If you have any questions or feedback, please let me know. 😊

Source: Conversation with Bing, 10/12/2023
(1) Tools to extract all functions from a source code project. https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11567112/tools-to-extract-all-functions-from-a-source-code-project.
(2) Calling functions from other Java files in the same project. https://stackoverflow.com/questions/21715738/calling-functions-from-other-java-files-in-the-same-project.
(3) Java get project file system location from another project. https://stackoverflow.com/questions/71632299/java-get-project-file-system-location-from-another-project.
(4) JAR files in Java - GeeksforGeeks. https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/jar-files-java/.